One of the things is, like I said at
the very beginning of this course,
right this course is mostly about the
interaction the intersection not to use.
That's not a typescript tonight,
I promise you the intersection
between react and typescript.
Mike North has both a on front of masters,
he has both a react fundamentals v2.
As well as production getting react in
the react fundamentals of v2 is like,
and TypeScript writ large a way to
kind of like very iteratively go from
a JavaScript app to a TypeScript
application as well.
Well, like kind of in depth, and so
I highly recommend that as well,
that concludes our time together
learning react and TypeScript.
Thank you so much for joining us,
and I hope you enjoyed this course.